[Music]
hello friends welcome to 1 video where
Here I will show you how to download
family that preys 3 and fernando triste
as you have seen with youtubers like
true email or town gameplay has already
come out the fanpage of freis 3 the official
and here I bring you how to download it good
first they have to go to the link of the
description of the video that I will let you
is this and they give you something to download
game I give you cancel because I
I have and after I have downloaded
if you want if you want if you want what
did they carry area and then give them
this winrar file that says format
fredys 3 by vi escaroon youtuber ascaron
good gamer
and extract it right click will extract click
and I will leave you these three files good
after the draw
will have to install those three files
right click on all execute
as administrator in all in each
so everyone sees
in this they give him ok
in the first one I did it quickly
all have the same accept next
accept the terms licenses and this what
they close because this does not happen anything if
if they do it the same not this time it is stuck
time he does not but they must when it's going to happen
once they have been installed
once it is installed they can
be able to play in frei 3 family that is
this file
is born in double click and it would be ready on
good game guys this has been all for
today
give like you comment subscribe
if I'm back I forgot to tell you
I was on vacation so I did not go up
videos but still subscribe I'm going to
make wildlife gameplay and two credits and
share add to favorites subscribe
seattle like 10 and nothing else
until the next goodbye